Hi everyone and welcome back we're going to be examining car down here.
And if you have seen some other crypto currencies this one is going to be a bit different.
And that's what makes it interesting.
Besides a few technical features you'll get to them.
Don't worry.
Some key pieces to take away.
Before we dive right in.
Keep these in mind.
They're released in 2017.
Fully open source has proof of stake mining multi layer architecture.
Keep them in mind as well.
We're going to address those in a moment.
So what is Kardon is a deep centralized public block chain and cryptocurrency project fully open source
Cordani is developing a smart contract platform to deliver more advanced features than any current protocol.
What also makes it very interesting is that it is the first block chain platform to evolve out of a
scientific philosophy and a research first approach.
Keep that in mind as well as we're going to expand on that.
The development team is made up of a large group of expert engineers and researchers.
This isn't to say the other crypto currencies and organizations block chain projects don't have scientific
backing but Cardinall really takes it to another level.
Similar to other platforms Carrano is the platform and blog team project and Ada and I apologize if
I refer to it as out in the future.
For some reason I keep wanting to say Atta but Ada is the cryptocurrency.
It should be clear with cardno that more of their goal isn't just the coin but the platform to power
financial applications.
The huge benefit with this is that being built in layers allows for more flexibility and helps with
maintaining it and upgrades with Soulforce.
Once the settlement layer this is that layer running Ada is finished a separate computing layer will
be built.
First smart contracts we can think about them in terms of digital legal agreements and I know we mentioned
the scientific philosophy and backing briefly but really cardno doesn't just strive for this but delivers
that scientific process and they hope it will lead to a greater financial inclusion.
If you examine some of the resources you can see they apply to all parts of the cardno ecosystem is
not just one piece of it.
For example they're not just focusing on the cryptography but really applying it to the entire Carrano
ecosystem and we can see it re-inforce if we examine the following statement.
If you want to expand on it please visit the following link as well.
The vision for Carrano is that its new style of regulated computing will bring greater financial inclusion
by providing open access for all to fair financial services.
But it's very interesting and also a great future of both cardno and Ada to have that scientific backing
and scientific process applied to the whole ecosystem and let's progress directly on the coin during
the launch.
The following amount of Ada was sold and the ADA supply cap is at about forty five billion with the
remainder to be issued after launch.
So with that cap we won't see more than 45 billion and we could see this amongst a range of crypto currencies
applying caps and it's a great feature.
Some differences though with mining Carcano is that use as a proof of stake algorithm instead of a proof
of work with consensus generated by the coin holder due to the use of this staking mechanism.
It makes it unnecessary to use brute force for the hash code so it saves a lot of energy with the block
chain creation.
And we can recap and take an overview of cardno along with the layers we have the use of these two letters
the settlement layer supporting Ledger transactions and the computational layer or C-L for smart contracts
or DAPs de-centralized applications with cardno.
Try to remember this key piece of information is that it uses proof of stake and to expand on it.
We see it mentioned here as well.
And the card Dano introduction that the core idea of proof of stake is that instead of wasting electricity
on cracking computational heavy problems a node is selected to mean a new block with a probability proportional
to the amount of coin's this node has.
If a node has positive greater than zero state it is called a stakeholder.
If a node eventually becomes chosen to mental block it is called a slot leader.
You can read more again by visiting the following link.
But think of it in terms of a reduction.
This algorithm is more computationally efficient.
A reduction in electricity for computations.
And also that layer those two layers the settlement layer and the computational layer in addition pay
attention and try to keep Cardinal on your radar.
We could see in a tweet on June 20th from the co-founder of cardno mentioned that the entry of Wall
Street into the crypto sector will bring in tens of trillions of dollars.
So this is something that you should pay attention to again keep it on your radar with Carrano.
It really has that support and benefit of having that scientific backing applied to its entire process
along with the computational efficiency.
It's multilayered approach and its intent unbecoming in gaining steam with these smart contracts.
It's not just focused on the cryptocurrency the coin to coin but also applying this ecosystem these
block chain and smart contracts for financial services.
So pay attention to it.
It's going to be interesting to see what the remainder of 2018 and 2019 bring forward.
And with that we can wrap things up as always if you have any questions please feel free to share them
in the Q&A.
And enjoy cryptocurrency.